This repository is read only so to push your changes you'll need to fork it.

In Bitbucket click the + button on the left hand navigation
In the GET TO WORK section, choose Fork this repository
Name the new repository as HTML Test <your name>
In your forked repo click the Settings cog in the left hand navigation and choose General / User and group access Give read access to suminsuresh

-----------------


1. Create product list page
Create a full width page with a header, a footer and a main section in index.html.
*The main section should contain a content section and a sidebar.
Set the width of the content section to 70% and the sidebar section to 30%.
Content section should be populated with at least 3 products using grid view
For each product include image thumbnail, product name, product price and 'view more' button - linked to product.html
Images are located in img folder
It should be fully responsive


2. Create Product details page
Use product.html file
Implement 2 column (70% and 30% width)layout for desktop and 1 column layout for mobile
Under main image add a carousel with thumbnails. (you can use same images as on PLP)
On click of thumbnail main image should be replaced with clicked image
Smaller column should contain product details such us: price, stock level, and add to basket button


3. Add Accordion to PDP using content populated via AJAX
Demonstrate that you understand Git branching by creating a new feature branch with a descriptive name.
Add some FAQ data to products.json located in data folder
Use product.html same file as used in task#2
Create accordion with FAQ about product in form of accordion - content should be populated from products.json
By default all answers should be collapsed
on click of question - accordion should open answer and collapse previously opened questions if any
Create a pull request for this branch


Once you've completed the above, please email sumin@luminescent.digital so that we know your work is ready to be reviewed.